Where you're starting is not where you have
to stay.
The BMH Group is growing, and the people who
grow with us are the ones who master what's
in front of them and consistently show
they're ready for more.
There's a real path here, and I want you to
see it clearly.
Regardless of the role, you're either working
leads, qualifying sellers, or building
pipelines. That's the foundation.
Everything else at this company builds on
top of that.
Master it. Understand the sellers.
Internalize the pipeline.
Hit your KPIs consistently.
Become the kind of person the team can rely
on, because what you deliver is clean, well
-documented, and actually ready.
Once you've proven you can do that consistently,
hitting your numbers for 90-plus days,
keeping your CRM spotless, showing
leadership qualities, you move up.
At the next level, you're handling more
complex leads.
Probate situations with emotional family
dynamics.
Multi-owner properties, where you've got
three siblings who can't agree on anything.
Sellers who are in financial distress and
need someone who can navigate a sensitive
conversation. You're also mentoring the
newer people coming in behind you.
Earnings can grow with performance.
You've got more autonomy, less daily
oversight.
Beyond that, the next level is where you're
presenting offers, negotiating terms, and
closing deals directly.
You own the full sales cycle from handoff
all the way through to a signed contract.
The earning potential is significantly higher
because you're earning commission on the
deals you close, not just the ones you
source.
But the expectations are higher, too.
You need real negotiation skills, market
knowledge, the ability to structure deals
creatively when the straightforward approach
doesn't work.
And if you have a leadership drive, if you're
the kind of person who gets energy from
building a team and developing other people,
there's a management path where you're
hiring, training, coaching, and owning the
performance of an entire team.
Your compensation at that level is tied to
your team's output.
When they win, you win.
Now, what actually gets you promoted here?
It's not time. Some people advance in six
months.
Some take a year. There's no fixed schedule.
It's entirely based on demonstrated
performance and readiness.
The things we look at are pretty
straightforward.
Are you hitting your numbers consistently?
Not on good days, not when you feel like it,
but every day for extended stretches.
Do your calls actually sound good?
Is your CRM clean? Every lead has notes, a
stage, and a next action.
No leads sitting there with no plan.
We also look at how you contribute to the
team.
Do you help people? Share what's working?
Are you someone others want to work with?
And are you coachable?
When someone points out a gap in your process,
do you fix it or do you get defensive?
The people who advance fastest are the ones
who hear feedback, apply it, and come back
better every time.
And the most obvious one is your work
producing revenue.
Are the people you hand off actually turning
into closed deals?
That speaks louder than anything else.
The BMH Group is expanding.
New markets, new teams, new positions.
The people who are performing well right now
are the first ones considered for every
opportunity that opens up.
How far you go here is up to you.
I hope this gives you a clear picture of the
growth paths available at BMH.
Your path will depend on what you're good
at, where you want to go, and the results you
produce.
We're confident you can continue growing
here if you keep improving and stay open to
coaching. Keep the conversation going about
where you want to grow next.